Document that pip works with editable `setup.cfg` (#2871)
pypa/setuptools: docs/userguide/quickstart.rst

Development mode
================

.. tip::

> 	When there is no ``setup.py`` script present, this is only
> 	compatible with :pep:`517` since :ref:`pip v21.1 <pip:v21-1>`.

Reviewer: nit: this _what_? This section? This mode of development? This tip? I've found that use of "this" without an explicit reference is often ambiguous. It's common to see such usage, but I avoid it.

I'd probably rewrite this tip as:

```suggestion
	Prior to :ref:`pip v21.1 <pip:v21-1>`, a ``setup.py`` script was
	required to be compatible with development mode. With late
	versions of pip, any project may be installed in this mode.
```

Author: You're right. Your wording is much better. Thanks! This is why I like code reviews — so that somebody could refactor my brain dump a bit :)

``setuptools`` allows you to install a package without copying any files
to your interpreter directory (e.g. the ``site-packages`` directory).
This allows you to modify your source code and have the changes take
effect without you having to rebuild and reinstall.

> Here's how to do it::

Reviewer: I'd edit this code too, but that's outside the scope of the PR, so will refrain.

Author: Agreed.
